Add natural language linting (#335)
AdobeDocs/commerce-webapi: src/pages/get-started/gs-web-api-request.md

`Authorization` | Required, except for calls made on behalf of a guest. Specifies the authentication token that proves you as the owner of a customer, admin, or integration account. You specify the token in the `Authorization` request header with the `Bearer` HTTP authorization scheme. | `Authorization: Bearer <TOKEN>` <br/><br/>`<TOKEN>` is the authentication token returned by the token service. See [Authentication](./authentication/).
`Accept` | Optional. Specifies the format of the response body. Default is `JSON`. | `Accept: application/<FORMAT>` <br/><br/>`<FORMAT>` is either `JSON` or `XML`.
`Content-Type` | Required for operations with a request body. Specifies the format of the request body. | `Content-Type:application/<FORMAT>` <br/><br/>`<FORMAT>` is either `JSON` or `XML`.

> `X-Captcha` | A shopper-entered CAPTCHA value. It is required when a shopper enters a CAPTCHA value on the front end, unless an integration token is provided. Forms requiring CAPTCHA values are configured at **Stores** > **Configuration** > **Customers** > **Customer Configuration** > **CAPTCHA** > **Forms**. | String

Author: ```suggestion
`X-Captcha` | A shopper-entered CAPTCHA value. It is required when a shopper enters a CAPTCHA value on the frontend, unless an integration token is provided. Forms requiring CAPTCHA values are configured at **Stores** > **Configuration** > **Customers** > **Customer Configuration** > **CAPTCHA** > **Forms**. | String
```
